A good cook could cook as many cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies.
How much dew does a dewdrop drop?
Eleven owls licked eleven little licorice lollipops.
When a doctor doctors a doctor, does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor as the doctor being doctored wants to be doctored or does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor as he wants to doctor?
King Thistle stuck a thousand thistles in the thistle of his thumb.
She ysells sea shells by the sea shore.
Kitty caught the kitten in the kitchen.
Whether the weather is warm, whether the weather is hot, we have to put with the weather.
A swan swam over the sea.
If two witches were watching two watches, which witch would watch which watch?
The big bug bit the little beetle, but the little beetle bit the big bug back.
If you want to buy, buy, if you don't want to buy, bye bye!
The blue bluebird blinks.
A tricky frisky snake with sixty super scaly stripes.
I can think of six thin things, but I can think of six thick things too.
Give papa a cup of coffee in a copper coffee cup.
We threw three free throws towards where the three trees grow.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
A big black bug hit a big black dog on his big black nose.
Red leather yellow leather.
Quick kiss, quick kiss, quick kiss.
Friendly fleas and fireflies fly away as the air flies.
My back black brake blocks are broken.
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen.
I see he sees high seas she sees.
Rather Ruth's writings than Roth's wrath.
The third time the three three-toed tree toads tried tying their toes together, the third three-toed tree toad tied the two three-toed tree toads toes to the third toads toes.
What's a synonym for cinnamon?
The theocratic thistle sifter, thrice thrust three thousand thistles through the slick thick of his softly throbbing thumb.
He thrusts his fists against the posts, and still insists he sees the ghosts.
Grandma grabbed a gram of gummy goulash.
I thought the haughty professor taught ontology, but the naughty tortoise taught us tautology.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
Wilson Winston winched whilst he minched a squinting prince.
Willy's wooden whistle wouldn't whistle when Willy went wild.
In shoulder surgery some surgeons sew soldier's shoulders.
An illusory vision is a visionary illusion.
How many rats would the ruskies roast if the ruskies could roast rats?
How many cats would a caddie catch if a caddie could catch cats?
Some soldiers sent epistles saying they'd sooner sleep on thistles than those saucy soft short shirts for soldiers which Sister Susie sews.
If colored caterpillars could change their colors constantly could they keep their colored coat colored properly?
How much caramel can a canny cannonball cram into a camel if a canny cannonball can cram caramel into a camel?
While these fleas flew, freezy breeze blew.
Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze.
Freezy trees made these tree's cheese freeze.
How much juice does a fruit juice producer produce when a fruit juice producer produces fruit juice?
I slit the sheet and sat on the slitted sheet.
When she shifts she sips, and when she sips she shifts.
A canner can can anything that he can.
A canner can't can a can, can he?
To sit in solemn silence on a dull dark dock in a pestilential prison with a lifelong lock.
Awaiting the sensation of a short sharp shock from a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block.
How much Zen would a Zen master master, if a Zen master could master all the Zen?
The piper pickled a peck of pickled peppers.
A tutor who tooted the flute tried to tutor two tooters to toot.
Round and round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
The winkle ship sank and the shrimp ship swam.
An old seabear sit on a pier and drinks a pint of beer.
The shells she sells are sea shells, I am sure.
This can opener can open any can that can be opened by a can opener.
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk, but the stump thunk the skunk stunk.
Tie a tight knot in the shape of a nought.
It's not the cough that carries you off, it's the coffin they carry you off in!
Crisp crusts crackle and crunch.
If a black bug bleeds black blood, what does a blue bug bleed?
The thirty three thieves thought that they thrilled the throne throughout Thursday.
An ape hates grape cakes.
I thought a thought, but the thought I thought wasn't the thought I thought I thought.
Six slippery snails slid slowly seaward.
Sounding by sound is a sound method of sounding sounds.
A sailor went to sea to see what he could see.
These thousand tricky tongue twisters trip thrillingly off the tongue.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won't wish the wish you wish to wish.
I thought of thinking of thanking you.
A good cook could cook as much cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies.
Any noise annoys an oyster but a noisy noise annoys an oyster more.
Growing gray goats graze great green grassy groves.
Vincent vowed vengeance very vehemently.
Which wrist watches are Swiss wrist watches?
Four furious friends fought for the phone.
The cat catchers can't catch caught cats.
Three fluffy feathers fell from Phoebe's flimsy fan.
Rory's lawn rake rarely rakes really right.
She should shun the shining sun.
Cooks cook cupcakes quickly.
She sold six shabby sheared sheep on ship.
Mix a box of mixed biscuits with a boxed biscuit mixer.
Twelve twins twirled twelve twigs.
If you notice this notice, you will notice this notice is not worth noticing.
The bottom of the butter bucket is the buttered bucket bottom.
Five frantic frogs fled from fifty fierce fishes.
Betty and Bob bought back blue balloons from the big bazaar
Susie sits shinning silver shoes.
little Lillian lets lazy lizards lie along the lily pads.
Does your sport shop stock short socks with spots?
Many mumbling mice are making merry music in the moonlight.
The boot black bought the black boot back.
Each Easter, Eddie eats eighty Easter eggs.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
No need to light a night light on a light night like tonight.
Green glass globes glow greenly.
Clean clams crammed in clean cans.
A slimey snake slithered down the sandy Sahara.
Bake big batches of bitter brown bread.
Six socks sit in a sink, soaking in soap suds.
Shave a single shingle thin.
I saw Susie sitting in a shoe shine shop.
Freed flies feed on fries.
Don't trouble the trouble till the trouble troubles you.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
Dan does work in Derick's dark den.
Did Fred fry fresh fruit on Friday?
Slimy snakes sailed stormy seas.
I saw he saw me sitting on a seesaw.
How many boards could the Mongol hordes hoard, if the Mongol hordes got bored?
How can a clam cram in a clean cream can?
Send toast to ten tense stout saint's ten tall tents.
Coy knows pseudonoise codes.
A fisherman fished for some fish in a fissure.
Picky people pick PeterPan peanut butter.
Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses.
If Pickford's packers packed a packet of crisps would the packet of crisps that Pickford's packers packed survive for two and a half years?
Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards.
Gobbling gorgoyles gobbled gobbling goblins.
Did Dick Pickens prick his pinkie pickling cheap cling peaches in an inch of Pinch or framing his famed French finch photos?
The pirates pirated private property.
When you write copy you have the right to copyright the copy you write.
A groundhog would hog all the ground he could hog, if a groundhog could hog ground.
How much pot, could a pot roast roast, if a pot roast could roast pot.
How many cans can a cannibal nibble, if a cannibal can nibble cans?
If you're keen on stunning kites and cunning stunts, buy a cunning stunning stunt kite.
Whether the temperature's rises or whether the temperature falls the nature watcher just watches the catcher who's watching the pitcher who's watching the balls.
I saw an excited executioner exercising his excising powers excessively.
Pail of ale aiding ailing Al's travails.
A gazillion gigantic grapes gushed gradually giving gophers gooey guts.
The owner of the inside inn was inside his inside inn with his inside outside his inside inn.
There those thousand thinkers were thinking, where did those other three thieves go through. 
A turbot's not a burbot, for a turbot's a butt, but a burbot's not.
Five fuzzy French frogs Frolicked through the fields in France.
How much ground could a grounghog grind if a groundhog could grind ground?
Thirty-three thousand people think that Thursday is their thirtieth birthday.
How may saws could a see-saw saw if a see-saw could saw saws?
A wood turtle would hurdle as much myrtle as a wood turtle could hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle. 
Shut up the shutters and sit in the shop.
An elephant was asphyxiated in the asphalt.
There was a minimum of cinnamon in the aluminum pan.
How much oil boil can a gum boil boil if a gum boil can boil oil?
No nose knows like a gnome's nose knows.
Ripe white wheat reapers reap ripe white wheat right.
Blake's black bike's back brake bracket block broke.
A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.
Mrs Hunt had a country cut front in the front of her country cut pettycoat.
Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie?
Clowns grow glowing crowns.
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker it is slick to stick a lock upon your stock or some joker who is slicker is going to trick you of your liquor if you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
The soldier's shoulder surely hurts.
She sees seas slapping shores.
Six sick sea-serpents swam the seven seas.
There was a little witch which switched from Chichester to Ipswich.
Seven slick and sexy sealskin ski suits slid slowly down the slope.
If you go for a gopher a gopher will go for a gopher hole.
The crow flew over the river with a lump of raw liver.
Mares eat oats and does eat oats, but little lambs eat ivy.
The king would sing, about a ring that would go ding.
Bob Dole would dole as much dough as Bob Dole could dole, if Bob Dole could dole dough.
A nurse anesthetist unearthed a nest.
We will learn why her lowly lone, worn yarn loom will rarely earn immoral money.
Don't spring on the inner-spring this spring or there will be an offspring next spring.
A happy hippo hopped and hiccupped.
How many pounds in a groundhog's mound when a groundhog pounds hog mounds?
There was a little witch which switched from Chichester to Ipswich.
A yelling yellow yeti yelled at the yawning yeoman.
Tell Tom the ticket taker to take the ticket to the ticket wicket.
She surely suits shiny sleek short skirts.
She snapped a selfie with Sophie's silver cell phone.
Washing the washing machine while watching the washing machine washing washing.
How many wenches could a witch's wench wrench wrench if a witch's wench wrench could wrench wenches?
Quick queens quack quick quacks quicker than quacking quails.
Three free fleas flew freely through the flu.
Nope, an antelope can't elope with a cantelope.
An inchworm inches on ivy that itches.
Many an anemone sees an enemy anemone.
Frozen Floyd flicks fat fleas for a fixed flat fee.
The greedy Greek geek agreed.
The children eat the chicken in the kitchen.
How many bears could Bear Grills grill if Bear grills could grill bears?
Carolina Herrera resides in the rural area with her running horses.
Four poor fools filled four pools full.
My back black brake blocks are broken.
I see he sees high seas she sees.
Willy's wooden whistle wouldn't whistle when Willy went wild.
A snake sneaks to seek a snack.
It dawned on the don at dawn.
My Swiss miss misses me.
How many tow trucks would a tow truck tow if a tow truck could tow tow trucks?
Which Swiss witch switched the Swiss wristwatches?
Ken can ken that Ken's kin can ken Ken's kin's ken.
Three tired tigers try to throw three trees.
They think that their teeth get thinner at times they want to taste thick meat.
Tell a tale of a tall tailed dog, that told Tim it tap a tall ale and thump the top of Tim's tomb.
Lenny Lou leopard led leprechauns leaping like lemmings.
Silly Sally Shouldnort shaved sheep she should show soon so selling sheep shaved showed she shouldn't show shaved sheep so soon.
The maid made mainly lard and lemonade, but lamely never made a well-named, labelled marmalade.
How much snus could a moose on the loose use if a moose on the loose could use loose snus?
In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate.
This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished.
However, this valorous visitation of a by-gone vexation, stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin van-guarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition.
The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta, held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous.
I gratefully gazed at the gracefully grazing gazelles.
Bad dead bed-bugs bleed bug blood.
How many ducks could a duck duct-tape, if a duck could duct-tape ducks?
How much cash could a sasquatch stash if a sasquatch could stash cash?
It's a nice night for a white rice fight.
Frank's fisher fishes on Friday for Frank's Friday fresh fried fish fest.
If practice makes perfect and perfect needs practice, I’m perfectly practiced and practically perfect.
Thirty-three thousand feathers on a thrushes throat.
Feeling footloose, fancy-free and frisky, this feather-brained fellow finagled his fond father into forking over his fortune.
Finally, fleeced by those folly filled fellows and facing famine, he found himself a feed flinger in a filthy farm.
Farrell's features fabulous food and fantastic fountain fantasies for frolicking, fun filled festive families.
A wooden worm wouldn't be worthy of worship but would he if he wondered and worried about what he would be worthy of if he wasn't wooden?
I broke a brickbat and a brickbat broke me.
There was a writer named Wright, he taught his son to write Wright right.
He wanted to desert his dessert in the desert.
You're behaving like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons.
Tricky Tristan tracked a trail of tiny turtles.
The two-toed tree toad tried to tread where the three-toed tree toad trod.
They hatch fish at the state fish hatchery and sell hatched fish to the fish stick factory.
Of all the felt I ever felt I never felt felt that felt like that felt felt.
How many snacks could a snack stacker stack, if a snack stacker snacked stacked snacks?
Certified certificates from certified certificate certifiers.
The cat crept into the crypt, crapped and crept out.
The Smothers brother's father's mother's brothers are the Smothers brother's mother's father's other brothers.
Sure, sir, the ship's sure shipshape, sir.
I bought a bit of baking powder and baked a batch of biscuits.
Then I took the big basket of biscuits and the basket of big biscuits and mixed the big biscuits with the basket of biscuits that was next to the big basket and put a bunch of biscuits from the basket into a biscuit mixer and brought the basket of biscuits and the box of mixed biscuits and the biscuit mixer to the bakery and opened a tin of sardines.
I brought a big basket of biscuits back to the bakery and baked a basket of big biscuits.
My mommy makes me muffins on Mondays.
Flies fly but a fly flies.
But the sadness of her sadness, and the gladness of her gladness, are nothing like her madness when she's mad!
Three tree turtles took turns talking tongue twisters.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
Larry Hurley, a burly squirrel hurler, hurled a furry squirrel through a curly grill.
A big black bug bit a big black bear and made the big black bear bleed blood.
We will learn why her lowly lone, worn yarn loom will rarely earn immoral money.
Ed Nott was shot and Sam Shott was not.
But if the shot Shott shot shot Shott, the shot was Shott, not Nott.
There's a sandwich on the sand which was sent by a sane witch.
Mrs Hunt had a country cut front in the front of her country cut pettycoat.
Ripe white wheat reapers reap ripe white wheat right.
Sweet sagacious Sally Sanders said she sure saw seven segregated seaplanes sailing swiftly southward Saturday.
While we were walking, we were watching window washers wash Washington's windows with warm washing water.
Elizabeth has eleven elves in her elm tree.
If coloured caterpillars could change their colours constantly could they keep their coloured coat coloured properly?
A gazillion gigantic grapes gushed gradually giving gophers gooey guts.
I'm not the fig plucker, nor the fig plucker's son, but I'll pluck figs till the fig plucker comes.
Casual clothes are provisional for leisurely trips across Asia.
Two tiny tigers take two taxis to town.
Chester Cheetah chews a chunk of cheep cheddar cheese.
Wow, race winners really want red wine right away!
Gobbling gorgoyles gobbled gobbling goblins.
Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards.
Nine nimble noblemen nibbling nuts.
Ingenious iguanas improvising an intricate impromptu on impossibly impractical instruments.
Two tiny timid toads trying to trot to Tarrytown.
If Stu chews shoes, should Stu choose the shoes he chews?
How much pot, could a pot roast roast, if a pot roast could roast pot.
How many cans can a cannibal nibble if a cannibal can nibble cans? 
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
If you're keen on stunning kites and cunning stunts, buy a cunning stunning stunt kite.
There was a minimum of cinnamon in the aluminium pan.
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
Bed spreaders spread spreads on beds and bread spreaders spread butter on breads.
Betty loves the velvet vest best.
Vivacious Val vacuumed Violet’s very vivid vehicle.
Eddie edited Earl’s easy music.
An awful aardvark and an aching ape ate an antelope.
Annie ate eight Arctic apples.
Printed papers under pressure make pens prickle.
The poor boar pours batter over his putter.
Jolly juggling jesters jauntily juggled jingling jacks.
Kindly kittens knitting mittens keep kazooing in the king’s kitchen.
A tricky, frisky snake with sixty super scaly stripes.
Not these things here, but those things there.
I can think of six thin things, but I can think of six thick things too.
Seventeen slimy slugs in shiny sombreros sat singing short sad songs.
Bill Badger brought the bear a bit of boiled bacon in a brown bag.
We surely shall see the sun shine soon.
I wish you were a fish in my dish.
Which witch wished which wicked wish?
Fat frogs flew past fast.
Twelve twins twirled twelve twigs.
Santa's short suit shrunk.
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.
The sinking steamer sank.
A little work, a little sleep, a little love and it is all over.
silly sheep weep and sleep.
Gertie's great grandma grew aghast at Gertie's grammar.
I saw Paul's daughter opening the door of the automobile before Paul.
Lily ladles little Letty's lentil soup.
We switched our sweaty sweaters swiftly.
Chris crashes crimson cars quickly.
Captain Kangaroo's carefully crunching crunchy candy corn.
Ken cures Kate with a quick cup of coffee and a cream cake.
Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut Butter. This is the peanut butter picky people pick.
Robert ran rings around the Roman ruins.
Robert Rowly rolled a round roll round.
He, twirling his twister, makes a twist of the twine.
Harry has done his whole homework at home by himself.
Harry the hungry, hungry hippo is happily eating ham in his house.
Harry Hunt hunts heavy hairy hares.
Five very funny flies in velvet vests flew from France on Friday evening.
What a shame such a shapely sash should show such shabby stitches.
The sheriff should shoot slowly.
The sun shines on the shop signs.
We'll beat a tattoo at twenty to two.
Big Ben blew big blue bubbles.
The thirty-three thankful thieves thought that they thanked the other thirty-three thankful thieves throughout Thursday.
Thirty thousand thoughtless boys thought they would make a thundering noise.
A girl guide giggled at a glum guardsman guarding the gates.
I cannot bear to see a bear bear down upon a hare.
If Freaky Fred Found Fifty Feet of fruit and fed forty feet to his Friend Frank, how many feet of fruit did freaky fred find?
Brave, bleeding boys battle bald, biting babies.
Please put this porcupine in your pants.
The crowd of clumsy clowns crushed the king’s crown.
The detective discovered the deadly dagger in Dad’s dirty diapers.
The tiny teacher tamed the terrible T-Rex by tickling its tummy.
Noisy boys enjoy noisy toys, but noisy boys enjoying noisy toys are annoying.
The fat farmer’s five filthy fingers fed the ferocious ferret french fries.
The peppy puppy the prince presented the princess produced piles of poop in the palace.
The hippos heard the hunter’s hiccups and hurried home to hide.
The big, bumbling bear burned his butt baking bread.
Six stinky skunks sprayed Santa’s sleigh.
The twins took the toilet and tiptoed toward town to try trading it for toys.
My sister’s shop sells shoes for sheep.
Firefighters found Father frowning from a funny fever and farting fierce flames.
The nervous nurse had another nasty nosebleed and needed nine napkins for her nostrils.
If eight great apes ate eighty-eight grapes, guess how many grapes each great ape ate.
The little lambs, licking lollipops, went leaping and laughing into the lava.
When the wizard winked and waved his wand, the wars of the world went away.
Flee from fog to fight flu fast!
She sold six shabby sheared sheep on ship.
Three fluffy feathers fell from Phoebe’s flimsy fan.
The cat catchers can’t catch caught cats.
Should saucy sharks seek shelter soon?
The foreign authorities put Dorothy in an orange forest.
I carried the married character over the barrier.
The big fat cat sat on the rat.
Ailing Auntie Annie Ames ate apple butter in abundance.
Double bubble gum bubbles double.
The baby boy blows blue bubbles.
Chubby jugglers juggling oranges jovially.
Eddie eats eight eggs easily every evening.
A cheap sheep is cheaper than a cheap ship.
George and Grace grew glossy grapes and grimy garlic gladly. 
Extreme exercise exacerbates exhaustion.
The exacting vixen exudes existence.
This exemplary example exempts jinxes.
Expect exactly to exactly expect excellence.
Vincent the very vivacious vacuuming vampire visited Victor Von Viking the vegetarian veterinarian vacationing in Valentine Valley.
Would that we would work without weariness!
You usually use unique unicorns.
One way to outthink others is to make them think you think you're not really thinking what you're trying to get them to think you think.
I vigorously sheared the swift smelly silly sheep on the sweet swell sheep swift ship.
Sailor Sam saw some swallows swooping suddenly.
Sixty six sick chicks are stuck in the stock room full of sixty six sticks.
Skillful skaters skidded and slammed against a big stone slab.
Stodgy students study static structures.
Squirmy squirrels swim in slosh.
I vigorously sheared the swift smelly silly sheep on the sweet swell sheep swift ship.
Scandalous scouts scaled a scaffold.
Slender skiers slammed into sleek smugglers.
Quaint queens can't quarrel crazily.
You know you need unique New York.
Despite the statistics, his next guest is optimistic.
I'm a sock cutter and I cut socks.
Episcopalians sip spiked punch at parties.
Brisk brave brigadiers brandished broad bright blades, blunderbusses, and bludgeons -- Balancing them badly.
Can you can a canned can into an uncanned can like a canner can can a canned can into an uncanned can?
Do scientists see thieves seize skies? 
If scientists see thieves seize skies, then where are the skies, the scientists see the thieves seize?
If you must cross a coarse cross cow across a crowded cow crossing, cross the cross coarse cow across the crowded cow crossing carefully.
Does the rapid rabid rabbit wrap it?
Awful old Ollie oils oily autos.
A tidy tiger tied a tie tighter to tidy her tiny tail
A lusty lady loved a lawyer and longed to lure him from his laboratory.
Bright blows the broom on the brook's bare brown banks.
That sphinx has a sphincter that stinks.
Jack the jailbird jacked a jeep.
Love's a feeling you feel when you feel you're going to feel the feeling you've never felt before.
Larry sent the latter a letter later.
Ten tame tadpoles tucked tightly together in a thin tall tin.
Top chopstick shops stock top chopsticks.
Big Billy, who had a big belly was a bad big bully.
How many counts would a recount count if a recount could count counts?
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker it is slick to put a lock upon your stock, or some joker who is quicker is gonna trick you of your liquor if you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
At present May can't marry a peasant however pleasant the peasant may be.
The embarrassed banished barrister balances his embarrassed banished ballast on the banister.
A peer sat on a pier with a pair of pears and pare the pears.
The instinct of an extinct insect stinks.
Rosco the rum runner rubbed out Rudy the rat for ruining his rum running receipts.
Simmering shoals of shrimps swim by shimmering shredded shores.
A barren beacon beckons the bacon baron.
Tim was a thin twin tinsmith.
I don't need your needles to kneadle noodles.
My dame has a lame tame crane.
What a shame that such a shapely sash should show such shabby stitches.
Don't pamper damp scamp tramps that came under ramp lamps.
I saw six shimmering sharks sharply striking shins.
Brad's big black bath brush broke.
Strict strong stringy Stephen Stretch slickly snared six sickly silky snakes.
I correctly recollect Rebecca Macgregor's reckoning.
Cedar shingles should be shaved and saved.
That's a shelter for six sick scenic sightseers.
Are our oars oak?
With a bloody, blameful blade, he bravely broached his boiling bloody breast.
She stood on the balcony inexplicably mimicing him hiccuping, and amicably welcoming him home.
Kris Kringle carefully crunched on candy canes.
Pick a partner and practice passing, for if you pass proficiently, perhaps you'll play professionally.
The kitten that was bitten had a button for an eye, and biting off the button made the cotton batten fly.
The ochre ogre ogled the poker.
The soldiers shouldered shooters on their shoulders.
Cows graze in groves on grass which grows in grooves in groves.
They have left the thriftshop, and lost both their theatre tickets and the volume of valuable licenses and coupons for free theatrical frills and thrills.
Brisk brave brigadiers brandished broad bright blades, blunderbusses, and bludgeons, balancing them badly.
They both, though, have thirty-three thick thimbles to thaw.
What time does the wristwatch strap shop shut?
A rough-coated dough-faced thoughtful ploughman strode
A truly rural frugal ruler's mural was on the wall.
A twister of twists once twisted a twist.
A loyal warrior will rarely worry why we rule.
Draw drowsy ducks and drakes.
Dust is a disk's worst enemy.
Double bubble gum bubbles double.
Miss Smith's fish sauce shop seldom sells shellfish.
Rolling red wagons rolling along.
A pleasant place to place a plaice is a place where a plaice is pleased to be placed.
If my neat knickers need to be kneed, I would indeed need your needles.
